1.
Ans:- human can learn various things by their sensences that information is feed to the
nurons after the analysis the neuron system gives the conclusion also human think about 
that information in this way the human can learn .
1.its best example is that the child learning consider the baby touches the fire and burns 
the skin and feel the injury after that when he see the fire he can not touch its
2.if anyone can contact with us from many time then we can able to identify them immedietly


2.
Ans:-it can be similar like the machine learning because human also able to predict the output 
after the analysis but humans are more superior  than any system because it contain visual sensing 
and many more types of the input data

3.
ANs:-Machine learning is the techonology that we used for prediction ,recomandation 
by the traning of the machine by providing the input data to that machine so thar the 
prediction will be accurate

4.
Ans:-If the task is as per the traning then it will give the reward and if it is 
out of the task then it gives the penalty according to the reward and penalty the output 
is desided 

5.
ANs:-The task of searching through a large space of hupotheses implicitly defined by the hypothesis
recomandation representation 

6.
Ans:-Machine learning is used for the prediction,recomandation it is similar to the human learnig in human 
learning is more efficient as it processoes the input more efficiently

7.
Ans:-Machine learning is used for various purposes in the business analysis it can 
predict cost of the product as per the demmand ,sale 
-it is also work in the filed  of the recognisation ,recomendation,classifying the various things 

9.
Ans:-ability to adapt proprly to new ,previously unseen data,drawn from the same distribution
as the one used to create the model 

10
Ans:-classification is supervised learnig type of the machine learning it predict the output as per the classification 
of the target feature it's output feature is discrete type variable
regression it is also supervised ml type it create the best fit line for the dataset and it is continous type of dataset


11.
Ans:-It is the supervised technic to predict the continous values.
predicting the price of the house according to the various feature 
predicting the bmi of the person by its height and weight 

12.
Ans:-clustering is the unsupervised technic of machine learning it creates the cluster means group of the similar
type  osf the data from the traning the data set according to that the testing data
is predicted and it adjus the test data

13.
Ans:-
i. Machine learnin has various type of algorithms like linear type of the algorithms simplelinearregression,
linearregression,ridge,lasso,elasticnet it create the best fit line according to train data 
to predict with more accuracy 
we also have tree like algorithms like DecisionTree,Randomforest ,
svm (support vector machine),for the unsupervised it has k-mean clustering 

ii.supervised learning :- it is the machine lerning which create the prediction by labbled data set
                         it can be classified into classification and regression
                         classification is predict the discrete variable by taking input of the labbled dataset
                         resgression is prediction if the continous type of variable by taking the labled dataset

                         



