1.
ans=Machine learning is the art or the science of programing that can learn from data.In Machine
learning we can able to predict the output 

2.
ans=1.forcasting the next year revenu generation according to the many performance metrics
This is regression task that can be solved by linear regression or polynomial regression model .It can 
be also solved by svm regressor regression random forest

2.detection of credit card fraud 
3.representing the complex data,high dimenssional dataset in clear and understanable diagram
4.segmenting the clients based on their purchases so that you can design different market sratagy

3.
Ans=In supervised learning the traning set you feed to the algorithm include the desired solutions called label
,and dataset called traning dataset.
This traning dataset contain the feature other than the target value which mainly affect the prediction

4.
Ans=The main task of the supervised learning is classification and other one is regression which mean to predict
the value of the targeted feature(called predictor)
simple linear regression,polynomial regression , logistic regression , svm , decision tree ,random forest are some comman algorithms used in the 
supervised learning 

note :- some classification algorithm are used for regression and vice versa

5.
Ans:-The data provided is unlabeled ,dimentionality reduction and anomaly detecction is the manin task of the unsupervised ml 
1.we launch some product for the analysis of the sell of the product we use the clustering in which range of age it is popular,
in which area its sell is more that parameters we can predict
2.recommandation system for organiser
3. target market campaign
4.data visulation 

6.
Ans=Reinforcement and deeplearning is used for the train the robots to perform in various conditions

7.
ans=unsupervised learning model of the machine learning k-means ,DBSCAN, Hierarchial clustering

8.
The Spam detection is supervised learning problem .but it can be solved by unsupervised learning also
by using unsupervised learning also takl this problem by using clustering

9.
Ans=In online learning the train data is feed incrementally and sequentially either indivisual or in mini batch
each learning step is fast and cheap so the system cam learn about new data in the fly as ut arrives
this is good for the dydtem that recives continous data or in adaptive change  
 
10
Ans=Online learning algorithms can also train the huge dataset that can not fit in machine memory
calls the out of core learning .in the core learning we use the memory from same machine 

11.
instance based leaning algorithms that reliese on similarity measure makes prediction 

12.
Ans= model parameters is the terms used in the equation used in the model
for eg.in simple linear regression the equation is y=mx+c ,
the parameters is m=slope ,c=intercept and hyperparameters is the value is set before the traning the model 

13. 
Ans=The criteria for the algorithm look for
1. Wether or not they are trained with  humans supervision (supervised,unsupervised,semi supervised or reainforcement learning)
2.weather or not they learn incrementally on the fly (online or batch )
3.weather they work by simple comparing new data point to known data points, or insted by detecting patterns in the traning data and building 
and building a predictive model,much like scientists do (instance based or model based)

note:- insatance based learning is based on the data provided for the traning purpose and model based learning is based on the generalies pattern 
which is created by model .model based model is preffered because 

note:- batch learning(offline learning ) is the machine learning model is used batches for the train the model this is good for the offline puprpose 
but if your data is continously changing then it  is not working properly in that case 
we use the online learning this machine learning thchnique is used for rapidly changing the data and need to incremental changes in the data and learn 
by the new data (it is tricky and risky)

in between the instance learning or model learning the model learning is use 
generally used model (supervised,unsupervised or reinforcement learning )

14.
Ans:-
1. presenting the null values in the dataset 
2. presenting the outliers in the dataset it affect the mean 
3. large spared data it affets the data predicting the very large value or very small value 
4. working of the data after the deployment on server 
5. overfiting data and under fitting data 

15.
Ans= it is the condition of overfitting or underfitting . solution for this is provide big data or use the simpler 
algorithem reducing the number of parameters or feature learning or regularalisation of model

16. 
Ans:-A test set is used to estimate the generalisation error that a model will make in new instance before 
the model is launched in production

17.
Ans:- a validation set is used to compare models . it makes it possible to select
the best model and tune the hyperparameters

18.
Ans = The train dev set is used when there is risk of mismatch between the traning data and data used in the validation 
and test dataset 

19
Ans:=if you tune hyper parameters using the test set toy risk overfitting the test set and the 
genetalization error you measere will be optimistic 
