1.Explain the term machine learning, and how does it work? Explain two machine learning
applications in the business world. What are some of the ethical concerns that machine learning
applications could raise?

Ans:-Machine learning is the technique/science which is used to for the learning from data
performing operations to giving the result/prdict the result that is used for the various usefull works in the business.
1.Movies Recomendationfor the customer used in the various platforms like the netflix,amazon prime,disney +hotstar
2.prediction for various factor used in the business like sales percentage,customer churn prediction,various disease or not
Ethical concern
1.Accuracy of the data , safety and security of the data , privacy 
2.Environment of the machine learning model 
3. Treansparansy


2.
Ans:-
i. Under the supervision of experts:-
in the supervision the process is the under ovservation of the one person many of the operations are fixed in this process
only we need to process it according to our requirment 

ii.With the assistance of experts in an indirect manner:-
here we take the help of the expert in this operation it may have the some process not specified it can be find out by that
expert assistance 

iii.elf-education:-
in the self-eduction all the task is completed by the machine also so that no need to hire to handdle the operation or the process


3.Provide a few examples of various types of machine learning.

Ans:- thier are 3 types of the machine learning 1.supervised 2.unsupervised 3.rainforcement learning
1.supervised learning:- The data is used for this learning is the labeled .
their are 2 subtype of this learning classification and regression 
i.classification :-this type of learning can predict the discrete varible.
ii.regression:-this type of learning contain the data which is continous type of variable

2.unsupervised :- The data used in this learning is unlabbled it has the continous type of data.
In this learning the data is trained in by the pattern like structure. It creates the cluster according to that cluster it matchees
the data and create the prediction according to it 

3.Reinforcement learninf:-This learning is based on the reward .if the machine work correct according to our instruction it gives the 
good reward and if machine do against the instruction it gives the punishment according to this reward punishment and reward it train the machine


5.Can you explain what a well-posed learning problem is? Explain the main characteristics that must
be present to identify a learning problem properly

Ans:-The program can learn from the experience when we give the task and gives the performance .
lets break it into i.task ii.Performance Measure iii.Experience 

consider on example face Recognisation system
task:-Predicting the distint sorts of facess
performance :- ability to anticipiate the largest number of different sort facess
Experience:- ttrain the system eith as may datasets if varied facial photos as possible

6. Is machine learning capable of solving all problems? Give a detailed explanation of your answer.

Ans:-Yes can solve the all problem machine learning ,
The structured data problem is solved in the machine learning ,
machine learning gices the prediction accoreding the data . another type is the recognisation of various things
deection can be done by the deep learning which is the subtype os the machine learning so we can say that we can solve all
type of the problem in the machine larning

7.What are the various methods and technologies for solving machine learning problems? Any two
of them should be defined in detail

Ans:-we have 3 type of approch to classify the machine learning
1.according to the super vision like supervised ,unsupervised or reinforcemtn
2.according to the how it is learned model based or instance based
3.way of learning online of offline (batch learning)

we can explain one of then take online learning and batch learning
consider one senario of the model that we have to train after some specific time take it can be one month or
one week or yerly according to need and in some case we have very volatile data that continously changes
at that thime it is difficult to train the model repidly so here we use the online learning in which model take 
quick responses according to that information it train by itself and gives the output
and in other condition we train the model in ofline mode and then deployed into the server for working


8.Can you explain the various forms of supervised learning? Explain each one with an example
application

ans:-supervised learning:- The data is used for this learning is the labeled .
their are 2 subtype of this learning classification and regression 
i.classification :-this type of learning can predict the discrete varible.
ii.regression:-this type of learning contain the data which is continous type of variable


9.What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning? With a sample application
in each region, explain the differences.

Ans:-The main main diffenrnce in the supervised learning and unsupervised learning is the data is labbled or not.
in the the supervised learning we are creating the best fit line for the prediction of the data and in the unsupervised learning 
we are creating the cluster to find out the pattern from the data
supervised learning is used for the data which has the output prediction and unsupervised data used to detect the patterns
superveised learning has various algorithems like linearregression simplelinearregression  and unsupervised learning has knn clustering


10.Describe the machine learning process in depth
i.MATLAB is one of the most widely used programming languages.
ii.Deep learning applications in healthcare
iii.Study of the market basket
Iv.Linear regression (simple)


Ans:-In the data science we are performing various operation in the data before we doing any operations
1st we need to understand the data and that understanding is betterly undertand by visualization
for that we have ine famous library matplotlib which is used in the python for visulation of the data 
we can do various univarient,bivarient or multivarient analysis which results to take the decision to make the model
of the better accuracy.



 11.
 Ans:-
  1. Generalization and abstraction

 Generalization:-generalization is the ability to perform well on the new unseen data after being trained 
 Abstraction:-dealing with ideas from specific instance 

2. Learning that is guided and unsupervised
 supervised :-the data is trained under the supervision 
 unsupervised:- unsupervised is don't under any supervision 

3. Regression and classification
 Regression:-handling the continous type of variable 
 classification:- handling the discrete type of feature
